            RAKHI GIFT FOR SISTER ONLINE
 
Hey Guys!
I was just thinking this morning, I am so glad that I live in India, The Land of Festivals. With so many religions being followed in our country, there are even more festivals celebrated. Starting from Raksha Bandhan in August, the whole line of festival ends at Ram Navami in April. Sandwiched between them are the festivals of Janmashthami, Ganesh Chaturthi, Diwali, Dussehra and many more! Here we have large collection of Raksha Banhan Day – Now Raksha Bandhan Day Special Rings , Bangles/ Kada, Earrings, Necklace.
The Importance of Raksha Bandhan Day
Around mid-August, Hindus all over the world celebrate Raksha bandhan. "Raksha" means protection, and "bandhan" means bound or binding.
In North India, the occasion is popularly called Rakhi, Raksha Bandhan or Rakshaa Bandhan- the tying of an amulet.
In ancient times a woman tied a 'rakshaa' on her husband's wrist to protect him from evil. Gradually this changed; she tied a 'rakshaa' on her brother's right wrist, to protect him from evil influence and those factors which may taint his character, and to strengthen the bond of sibling love between them. On the occasion of Rakshaa Bandhan she visits her brother's home and performs his 'pujan' by applying kumkum and rice grains on his forehead. In return the brother gives her a gift and vows to protect her too. The 'rakhadi' for rakshaa bandhan itself ranges from a coloured cotton string to exquisitely decorated balls of various sizes and materials such as fluffy cotton, 'zari' paper, tinsel, beads and so on.   
Rakshaa bandhan day is important for the priests too, as they tie rakhis on their patrons wrist and in return receive offerings from them. In some parts of the country it is customary to draw figures on the walls of their home and worship them with offerings of vermilion and kheer. The imprints of palms are also put on either side of the entrance and rakhis are stuck on them as part of rakshaa bandhan rituals. Some parts of India also reserve Rakshaa Bandhan day importance for the sacred thread changing ceremony when the young brahmin boys discard the old one and don a new one ritualistically. However, on rakshaa bandhan it is the emotions which are important. The rakshaa bandhan ceremony performed is the symbolic everlasting bond between brothers and sisters that reinforces ties between them even across continents, and it is the one which has the most importance on this auspicious day.
Here are amazing gift ideas for lovely sisters : 
  Shop Here 
             	Necklace
       
Ethnic Pearly , Elegant & Simple Necklace Set Create a stunning impact with this copper  alloy based golden color radium polished necklace set. This is an elegant, simple and a classy necklace set. The small work in golden beads, gives it colour and aids matching with outfits. The earrings can also be worn stand alone. The set brings to life the magnificent, gorgeous pieces of jewellery adorning beautiful Indian princesses & queens.

  Shop Here  
   Earrings 
                  
This brightly polished pair of earrings features a classic design that offers you absolutely gorgeous look. It has an impressive yellow gold tone, crystals, tiny pearl beads & white color stones, making it an ornament to possess and celebrate.
Shop Here
       Rings
 
Finger Ring AD Stones Golden Beautiful Elegant  Design. Copper based finger ring with delightfully crafted design & colour combination which will go with any outfit. Base metal is copper and AD Pink Green White Stones gold colour Finger rings matching for antique jewellery sets. 
Shop Here
        Bangles/Kada
                
Broad bridal pearl CZ open able bangle for women. Attractive designer bangle that can be worn at any occasion, weddings, parties and ideal for fashion oriented ladies. Open able option makes to fit bigger hands.





